spinning in all the s-pen I trust you've
seen a walk away with your slutty
girlfriend now for the first time ever
DJ Mackey love spreads his techniques on
picking up women to the world it's time
for some hot juicy some people kind of
come up to me and they asked me like it
what is the best cologne to where you
take the money like this and then she
said excuse me is that the decayed and
Karen and then you say no Beach that's
BF Benjamin Franklin learn about TJ maxx
loves rules of seduction and how to go
from zero to French hero now DC's a rule
number 48 it's called fishing for the
pussy excuse me how are you if she's
gonna like at the club or whatever and
then I go like this I go excuse me I
have something in my pocket what is this
Oh for front-row tickets for selenium
and you say expensive things you don't
need to make sense or vehicle like a
complete sentence Ferrari Lamborghini
diamond rings money a kind of like
incredible bus made out of jewellery
look how to tame a keys the power of
love is sold all over montreal quebec
canada for 2799 dollars but if you
promise to spread the love we'll give it
to you hard for 100 easy payments of
2799 obtenir khone also if you're under
16 I need a prescription for the morning
after pill DJ Mackie will provide the
prescription for free but wait there's
more if you have a daughter or wife
between the ages of 18 and 24 110 to 120
pounds C cups and beyond DJ Mackie will
live with you eat your food and show you
the latest sex techniques I used to
think that there were certain women that
were
unattainable like nuns paraplegics or
even 12 year olds but now using DJ
Mackey loves proven seduction techniques
I know I can make love to any woman that
I want but keep going sister Mary don't
stop DJ Mackey love taught me that no
woman can resist the charm the right
celine dion song and cold hard cash
tonight maybe i'll lose my virginity
bros would ignore me all the time but
now they pour drinks on me slap me in
the face and talk about me with the
police all the time thanks DJ mikey love
you drink you going to be good you're
good boy come now and get the power of
love bonus CD where DJ Mackey gets your
girlfriend super horny oh wow look your
boyfriend has so much money you know
your man's dick is like so big so put
down the lotion turn off the illegal
Brazilian midget pornography and pick up
the phone now to feel the power of love
the gym affiliate dwarka so to schooi if
you learned anything what are you going
to do with your hair and put it into a
ponytail just like DJ Maggie loss